C:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\bin\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.exe
C:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\bin\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.deps.json
C:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\bin\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\bin\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.dll
C:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\bin\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.pdb
C:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\obj\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\obj\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\obj\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\obj\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\obj\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.sourcelink.json
C:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\obj\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.dll
C:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.dll
C:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\obj\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.pdb
C:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\obj\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.dll
c:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\BibliotecaAcervo\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\bin\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.exe
c:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\BibliotecaAcervo\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\bin\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.dll
c:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\BibliotecaAcervo\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\bin\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.pdb
c:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\BibliotecaAcervo\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\obj\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\BibliotecaAcervo\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\obj\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\BibliotecaAcervo\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\obj\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\BibliotecaAcervo\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\obj\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\BibliotecaAcervo\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\obj\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\BibliotecaAcervo\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\obj\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.dll
c:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\BibliotecaAcervo\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\obj\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.pdb
c:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\BibliotecaAcervo\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\obj\Debug\net9.0\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\porta\OneDrive\Documentos\Faculdade\(CC53E-CC3-20252) - Programação Orientada a Objetos\AULAS\Aula05\Semario-POO-Csharp_Aprofundamento\BibliotecaAcervo\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\Seminario-POO-Aprofundamento-Em-Csharp.dll
